First of all, I'm Kao Hsien. I'm a Ph.D. student from the University of Brisbane.
I'm very happy to be able to invite Yiting to talk about today's topic.
In 2019, Yiting received a Ph.D. from Boston University in the field of Rehabilitation Science.
Since last year, 2020, she has been a Ph.D. student in the Department of Health Behavior and Community Science.
During her university and master's degree, she studied in the Department of Cognitive Immunotherapy and the Cognitive Immunotherapy Research Institute.
She has worked in schools, clinics, hospitals, and other places for a long time, about four years.
She mainly serves children with mental disorders and their families.
Until now, her research interests include the communication of mental disorders, cross-cultural and parents' education experience,
and environmental factors affecting the health and quality of mental disorders and family members.
She is also currently involved in the study of COVID-19, the impact of this epidemic on our mental health,
as well as the study plan for the integration of mental patients into the care system.
That's all for my introduction.
The floor is yours.
Yiting, please start your report.
Okay.
First of all, I'd like to thank Yiting for taking the time to prepare so many things for us,
as well as some preliminary communication.
Also, I'd like to thank the T-Rod platform for allowing us to participate in this event on the weekend.
I'd like to thank everyone for having the opportunity to listen to this presentation on the weekend.
Let's get started.
Today's topic is,
Is it their country or our home?
I'd like to share the quote I got from this interview.
I think it's a good way to show that as an immigrant living in a new country,
how does it affect the implementation of their family position in terms of identity?
How do they practice their family position?
My main target is the first generation of Asian immigrants in the United States.
Their children have different developmental disabilities.
Okay.
Later, I will...
Today's presentation...
Okay.
Today, I will talk about...
It will take about 10 to 15 minutes.
I will talk about my own experience,
and why I want to do this topic now,
and what led me to get to where I am today step by step.
Next, I will talk about the two studies I want to share today.
These two studies are from my doctoral thesis.
I will talk about the background of these two studies.
Next, I will talk about the first study I did.
It's a meta-synthesis study.
I don't know if you are familiar with this type of study.
I will talk about what it is,
and how I use it.
Lastly, I will talk about a more traditional implementation study.
I will talk about how parents in the U.S.
help their children with developmental disabilities
in the U.S.
and how they arrange their adult life.
At the end of this talk,
we will move on to today's Q&A.
If you have any questions,
you can leave them in the chat box.
You can also leave them in the chat box during the Q&A.
The first question is,
as Kou said,
my university and master's degree are both in Chengda University.
They are all in Cognitive Therapy.
Regarding Cognitive Therapy,
I think most people have heard about it.
I will take this opportunity
to give you a brief explanation of Cognitive Therapy.
I think a lot of people
will take Occupational Therapy
as a direct approach.
I think a lot of people
will take Occupational Therapy
as a direct approach.
Occupational therapy is not an Job.
This term, Occupational Therapy,
is not a job-related word
but a meaningful activity to everyone.
This term, occupational therapy,
is important to people of different age groups.
For example,
if I'm a doctor or a worker,
meaningful activities to me
are going to work, doing research,
going to class, and so on.
If I'm in a normal workplace,
due to physiological, psychological,
or other reasons,
I can't go to work,
meaningful activities to me
are going to work.
Occupational therapy
is also for people
who can't go to work.
For example,
it's for workers
who need to evaluate their functions
or help them with their arms
or other body functions.
Occupational therapy
also helps them adjust
their work environment
so that they can go back to work.
For children,
meaningful activities to them
are playing,
socializing with others,
going to school,
or even daily life management.
Can they do these things?
These are meaningful activities to them.
At this point,
I'd like to talk about
the scope of occupational therapy.
It's widely defined in our field.
However,
people who are not in this field
may not have a clear understanding
of this term.
It may be more defined as
occupational therapy.
As occupational therapists,
there are two ways
to help our clients.
We care about
the three circles
in the lower right corner.
We care about
whether the person,
the environment,
and the occupation
can overlap well
and whether the person
can do meaningful things
in their daily life.
In addition to
personal adjustment,
we may also adjust
the environment.
We may also
help the person
to adjust
meaningful activities
so that they can do
what they want to do
but may need
a new way
or a new schedule.
That's the concept
of occupational therapy.
In Taiwan,
once you graduate as an occupational therapist,
you can get a national license
to work as
an occupational therapist.
When I graduated from college,
I went to a vocational school
and worked as
an occupational therapist.
I mainly did early therapy.
Early therapy may be defined
as before the age of three
or six.
Later, I did rehabilitation
for children who were
in the early stages of learning.
Later,
after I graduated from college,
I did other occupational therapies
in Taipei and Tainan.
For example,
I worked as an occupational therapist
in a school
or in a traditional
rehabilitation center
in a hospital.
I also had experience
interacting with patients
as an adult.
I also worked
in a nursing center
as an occupational therapist.
I also had experience
interacting with patients
as an adult.
I mainly worked with
children with mental disabilities
and their families.
At that time,
when I was working in Taipei,
we had a non-official
parent support group.
In Taiwan,
under the health insurance system,
hospitals usually provide
one-on-one
or group therapy
to children.
As a therapist,
it is quite common
to see children
come to you
once a week
for 30 minutes
or even an hour.
It may be a little more than that,
but that's about it.
We can recognize
that if we can
make a long-term
or effective change
in their daily lives,
it is a very important step
because parents spend
most of their time
interacting with their children.
Parents know their children's
strengths and weaknesses,
preferences,
and where they need to improve.
At that time,
we started
the parent support group.
In fact,
parents have a lot of
interesting motivation to develop.
Here is a simple example.
For example,
a parent wants
her child to help
her child practice
taking a bath.
Does the child's
bathroom need some adjustments?
Does the child need
to practice
taking a bath?
However,
another parent
heard our discussion
in the group.
Her child is already
in the third grade,
but she did not realize
that children can
practice taking a bath.
She heard this
through this chat
and then came to
discuss with us
and found that
this is one of the goals
she and her child
want to achieve.
So we started to
discuss with her.
In my experience,
most of the time
parents only
have one or two children.
They may not have
many opportunities
to interact with other parents.
However,
when we set up
this group,
there were not many
relevant evidences
about how to
effectively provide
this kind of
parent support group
in our field.
This is why
I was interested
in reading the
doctor's class
to find out
how to
develop an
evidence-based
support group
for our clients.
I need to know
what I need to know
and what research
I need to do
in order to
know whether
my intervention
is effective or not.
So in 2014
and 2019,
I joined
Youth and Young Adult
Empowerment, Leadership,
and Learning.
We focus on
young adults with
mental disabilities
between 14 and
20 years old.
They are not like
me when I was in Taiwan.
I was in primary school.
There are relatively
few people in Taiwan
with disabilities.
Through the experience
of the doctor's class,
I had the opportunity
to learn more about
young adults.
This influenced
my understanding
of the age group
in my doctoral thesis.
My interests
in this research
are those
related to
education and
immigration.
I'm also interested
in cross-cultural experiences.
I hope that
my research and
future research
will be in the same
field.
In 2020,
I started
my research
called
Health Behavior and
Behavior.
My research
is related to
suicide and
mental illness.
My current boss
is also doing
qualitative research
and quantitative research.
I hope that
my research can
help patients
with mental illness.
Through this opportunity,
I hope that
my research can
help patients
with mental illness.
Next,
I will talk about
the two research
I mentioned today.
First,
I think parental involvement
is important.
Some people
may be involved
from the perspective of
their brothers and sisters.
Some people
may be involved
from the perspective
of their teachers
such as
doctors
and so on.
I'm interested in
the same thing
I mentioned earlier.
I'm interested in
the same thing
such as
parent involvement
that can lead to
positive effects
in the child's
social, emotional,
and functional outcomes.
Developmental disabilities
happened
when the child was
18 years old.
So it happened
quite early
and affected
the child for a long time.
You may
hear of
intellectual disability
or autism
or hearing loss
or mental illness
and so on.
These are the so-called
developmental disabilities.
Simply put,
according to
my research in the U.S.,
there is
a law
on the right
to learn
for people with
mental disabilities
called
Individuals with Disabilities
Education Improvement Act,
or IDEA.
The law
ensures that
people with disabilities
can access
the resources
they need
at their local
public schools
or private schools.
The law
clearly states
that parents
have the right
to participate
in the child's education.
For example,
if the child's
private education
is related to
the child's
private education,
parents need to
participate.
Of course,
it's a different matter
whether parents can
participate,
but the school
must provide
the platform
for the child
to learn.
The number of
Asian immigrants
in the U.S.
grew rapidly
from more than
2 million in 1980
to more than 12 million
in 2014.
The number
increased rapidly
in 2021.
In the past,
the number
of Asian immigrants
in the U.S.
was estimated
to exceed
the number of
Hispanic immigrants
in 2025.
So,
the number
of Asian immigrants
in the U.S.
grew rapidly
and parents
couldn't provide
the appropriate services
for their children.
So,
if we
don't have
the appropriate
understanding of
the population,
there will be
some difficulties
in the service.
In the past,
when Asian parents
received education-related services,
they encountered
more obstacles.
For example,
they started
to receive services
later than others,
or they spent
less time
in the education process
than others,
etc.
In the past,
the cultural difference
between Asian and
Hispanic parents
was reduced.
So,
if we eliminate
the cultural difference,
will the obstacles
disappear naturally?
But is there
a day when
there is no cultural difference?
This is a question
worth thinking about.
In the past,
Asian parents
rarely faced
the barriers
they encountered.
So,
why did they
choose these methods?
So,
here are some
knowledge gaps in the past.
First,
they focused on barriers.
Second,
these barriers
are only related to service providers.
In fact,
there are many things
in people's lives.
As I said in the beginning,
the interaction with service providers
is important.
However,
there are many other things
and times in people's lives.
In the past,
they focused on
young children.
So,
in the past,
they focused on
young children
before high school
or high school.
In the past,
they focused on
what they wanted to do
and how to achieve
their goals.
In the past,
immigration is
a process
that changes
every day.
It's not like
you came to the US for 3 years
or Europe for 5 years
and you achieved
cultural adaptation.
In fact,
you learn new things
every day.
You have new understanding
of the country
because of the interaction.
You may be
culturally adapted
in the past.
However,
there is little research
about the changes
in the process of
cultural adaptation.
For example,
the first basic thing
is the ability to speak.
As you stay in the US
or abroad longer,
your ability to speak may change.
Then,
your understanding of
cultural adaptation may improve.
Next,
you need to understand
the concept of mental disability.
This concept may come from
your country or your values.
Your values may be affected
by the environment
or the mainstream
of society.
Next,
when you're a parent,
you don't know
what you want to do.
Many people say
they learned
how to be a parent
by being a parent.
In fact,
there are many changes
in the process of
mental disability.
However,
there is little research about it.
In my research,
I want to use
role theory and acculturation theory
as my theoretical background.
In the first part,
the role theory says
the role of a parent
is related to
the behavior
of the child.
However,
the behavior of the child
may be different
from the behavior
of the society.
It may affect
the role of the child.
There may be different adjustments.
Next,
we know
the role of a parent
is related to
the society.
If we want to understand immigrants,
we need to consider
their cultural background
to see if it
affects their
beliefs
and behaviors.
I think
this part is very simple.
We want to know
how the parents
in the U.S.
help their children
to find resources
or use resources.
What are their experiences?
I will introduce
these two researches one by one.
Through these two researches,
I want to respond to
the biggest goal.
Next,
let's talk about
meta-analysis.
I want to explain
what is meta-analysis.
I think you often hear
about meta-analysis.
It is a systematic review
and systematic analysis.
Meta-analysis is
about qualitative research.
about quantitative research.
Meta-analysis is
about qualitative research.
The data of qualitative research
comes from other researches
related to the topic
you are interested in.
You can use the data
to make
the second analysis.
Meta-analysis is not
just about
organizing the researches
related to the topic
in the past.
It emphasizes
that you need
a new interpretation
to explain the researches
related to the topic
you are interested in.
The purpose of meta-analysis
is to put the qualitative researches
you have published
in the past
in a new perspective
to interpret them.
Through this way,
we can generate
theoretical frameworks.
These frameworks
can provide
new ideas
or new guidance
to future researches
or clinical work.
Meta-analysis
was developed in 1997.
Meta-analysis was developed in 1997.
I just simply
selected PubMed as a database.
Meta-analysis has been
developing step by step.
I don't know if you have
the chance to see
similar researches.
If not,
I believe there will be
more opportunities
to see similar researches in the future.
Some researches
develop meta-analysis
and meta-synthesis
at the same time
in the same paper.
Meta-analysis
aims to develop
a theoretical framework
to describe
parents' experience
when accessing
or using
related services.
This research
was published last year
in Qualitative Health Research.
If you are interested,
you can download it.
If you don't have access,
I can provide full text.
Meta-analysis
is a systematic review.
We develop
search terms
and put them into different databases.
We found
more than 800 articles.
We included some inclusion criteria,
such as peer-reviewed articles
written in English,
samples,
subjects,
and topics.
We included
11 articles
in the 800 articles.
The translation
is based on
the synthesis of 11 articles.
There are
more than
170 parents
in Meta-analysis.
It was published
in 1987,
more than 30 years ago.
We published
9 articles
between 2000 and 2010.
The frequency is not high.
The latest article was published in 2016.
However, the search
was checked again in 2020.
Maybe there is a new article,
but we didn't include it.
Most of the articles
were published
between 12 and 12 years old.
There are 7 articles
between 12 and 20 years old.
Only one article
included an older child.
However,
the topic was not
targeted at the child,
but the child was older.
In the past,
most of the articles
were written in Korean,
some were in Chinese,
and some were
combined samples
from Japan,
South Asia,
and other countries.
These articles
were mostly in-person interviews.
Some were done
by phone interviews,
and some were done
by other methods.
It is worth mentioning
that most of the articles
were done
in a short period of time.
Especially,
if the interview
was a complicated one,
and we only had
a 30-minute call
or an hour-long interview,
the depth of the topic
was limited.
It was a pity
for the research
in the past.
Most of the articles
were published in the East Coast,
the West Coast,
and Chicago,
which is where
Asian-Americans live.
Now,
let's talk about
my research findings.
First,
we were curious
about the role of parents
in the process.
We analyzed
that the main goal
of parents
is to help their children
to grow up
and live a happy life.
The role
of parents
is multifaceted.
The role of parents
It is the role of parents
to help their children
to plan their future.
It is the role of parents
to help their children
to plan their future.
Many times,
other kids
don't have bruises.
Even if they only have
one child,
they still have
some things
to do
such as
their parents.
These things are
related to each other.
For example,
this father said
that he wanted to
buy a house
before he knew
about supportive living.
Then he could help
his children to
run a group home.
I don't know if you are familiar with
a group home.
It is a type of living
where 4 to 6
or 3 to 6
adults with neurodegenerative disorder
can live in a
apartment.
However, the government
won't pay their rent.
They may have a chance
to find a worker
who will come
once a day
to help them
with their daily life,
such as cooking
or washing clothes.
It depends on
the needs of each group home.
This father
later realized
that he had
improved his knowledge
about supportive living.
Otherwise,
he planned to
buy a house
and run a group home.
This quote shows
that these aspects
are related to each other.
Next,
we are curious about
the process
of the paternity.
What does it look like?
The first thing we see
is that it is
a continuous process.
Usually, it does not
end in a circle.
It may go on
until the parents
can't continue.
Or the parents
have a clear plan
for their children's future.
Then it may
stop in this circle.
Otherwise, it is
an endless cycle.
However, in each cycle,
they may experience
whether their plan
is successful.
If it is successful,
they may
achieve their goal.
However, if
their plan is not successful,
they may experience
dissatisfaction.
They may face
dissatisfaction
through coping strategies.
This coping strategy
may influence
their next action.
In this process,
we can see that
the parents
change their
coping strategies
as time goes by.
For example,
they may decide
not to attend
the meeting.
The parents
may go to the meeting
at the beginning.
However, they may
change their
coping strategies
based on
their past
interactions
with the environment.
In the case of
individual factors,
we can see that
there are several factors.
For example,
the age of the children
may influence
their actions.
In addition,
some parents
may know
how far they can go
based on their
rights as parents.
For example,
they may ask
for their rights.
This may influence
their next action.
In the case of
Korean immigrants,
their parents may
say that
their parents
respect their
profession and rights
based on their
traditional culture.
Therefore,
they may not
ask questions
because
their culture
is different from
the education of
their native country.
This may influence
their actions
In addition,
they may use
coping strategies
based on their
past interactions
with the environment.
In the case of
self-reliance,
they may not
rely on others
to solve the problem
but rely on themselves.
Some people may
look for resources
and coping strategies
based on their
past interactions
with the environment.
However,
this does not mean
they are self-reliant.
They may just
measure what happens
in their life.
The best solution
is to compromise.
It is also interesting
to see how they
respond to the
expectations of
immigrants.
However,
everyone has
different expectations.
For example,
some parents
have learned
how to interact
with their
American parents.
Some parents
may feel
that their country
has given them
a lot of resources
and they should
be a good immigrant.
Therefore,
everyone may have
different expectations.
These factors
may influence
their actions.
In the process,
many system factors
may influence
their behavior.
For example,
some parents
may have
specific guidelines
or rules
when interacting
with their
parents.
For immigrants,
social support
is very important
for all parents.
Especially for immigrants
who interact
with school or hospital
based on their needs.
For example,
language accommodation
is very important
for immigrants.
It is important
for immigrants
to know
if the information
they provide
is good
or not.
For example,
if the information
they provide
is good
or not,
they may feel
that the information
they provide
is helpful.
They may feel
that the information
they provide
is good
or not.
In the past,
they may use
the information
their parents understand
to explain to their parents.
In the process,
they may feel
that their parents' opinion
is important
and they really
want to hear
and value their parents' opinion.
They may feel
that their parents
are a support
and sometimes a barrier.
They may feel that
the system factor
needs to be considered.
This is the first part
of the study.
There are several
points of discussion.
We can see that
their parents' role
is very adaptive.
We can see that
they use various coping strategies
based on their cultural
adaptation and experience.
In fact,
we can see that
their role
is not that different
from those
non-immigrant parents.
In fact,
we can see that
their role
is not that different
from those
non-immigrant parents.
As parents,
no matter where you are,
there is a lot of
commonality.
They are all parents in the U.S.
so the environment
and the identity
of being a parent
may be similar
when they face
what they want to do.
The problem is
that they have similar goals.
However,
their approach
may be different.
We can compare
past studies.
Some studies
show that
when parents advocate
for their children
or families,
their parents
tend to
hope that
they sound nice.
In the U.S.,
non-immigrant parents
tend to say
that they want to fight
for their kids
in the process of
advocating.
Of course,
this is not true
for everyone.
However,
we can learn from
their experiences
that
their goal
may be different
when they face
cultural background.
After
doing this meta-analysis,
we found some
limitations of past studies.
So we decided
to conduct
a qualitative study
to understand
what I could not understand
in the previous meta-analysis.
In this meta-analysis study,
we found that
adults
had less experience
than children,
mostly before
they left the special education system.
By the way,
in the U.S.,
the special education system
is required to provide
services to children
before they graduate
from high school
or become
22 years old.
However,
in the U.S.,
the special education system
is not as perfect
as in the U.S.
when it comes to
school regulations
and responsibilities.
In the U.S.,
the special education system
relies on parents
to plan
what to do
in the future.
Even for
non-immigrant families,
it is difficult
for them to transition
to adulthood.
Many researches
suggest that
it sounds easy,
but it takes
3 to 5 years
for the parents
to transition
to adulthood.
It is a challenge.
In the past,
Asian immigrants
were considered
to be super big
in Asia,
including East Asia,
Southeast Asia,
South Asia,
East Asia, West Asia,
and so on.
However,
in the past,
the cultural background
of every Asian country
is very different.
If you compare
all of them,
there may be some problems.
For example,
in the past few years,
some organizations
advocating for Asian
people in the U.S.
have said that
who need help
are smart
and have good social status.
They don't need much help.
However,
the majority of
Asian people
are from East Asia,
such as Japan,
South Korea, Taiwan,
China,
and so on.
They are able to
seek better education
and make money.
In fact,
many Asian people
from Cambodia,
Vietnam,
and so on
are also Asian.
However,
due to the label,
they are unable
to get the support
they need.
Recently,
some organizations
are trying to
put them under
the same umbrella term.
In my opinion,
in the second phase
of the study,
we want to
have a clearer and
narrower group
to focus on
the experience of
the adult period.
The narrative study
I'll talk about later
is about Chinese immigrants
who are already
in the adult period.
The transition
to adulthood
is defined as
the transition from
high school to
the adult period.
The IDEA requires
the school to provide
the relevant services.
However,
the implementation
is not perfect.
If there is a
parental involvement,
the post-school education
or employment outcome
of the child
will be better.
Why do I want
to talk about
Chinese-speaking immigrants?
First,
as you can see
on the right,
Chinese is a commonly
used language in the U.S.
Among the immigrants,
the green and purple
represent the ability
to speak English
or to speak English
fluently.
In contrast,
Chinese-speaking immigrants
are more likely to
speak English fluently.
Vietnamese immigrants
are more likely to speak English fluently.
Second,
we are a research tool
so the degree of
my language and culture
will affect
my ability to
understand the phenomenon.
As an international student
and as a
Chinese-speaking immigrant
who grew up
in Taiwan,
I have the opportunity
to live abroad.
To be honest,
I am not a real immigrant
because I have no experience
in Chinese culture
and my own language background.
To sum up,
I decided to
research Chinese-speaking immigrants
if I wanted to
learn more about
Chinese-speaking immigrants.
The purpose of this research
is to understand
the experience of Chinese-speaking immigrants.
I adopted a narrative approach
so that parents
can interpret their past experiences.
Through the narrative approach,
we can learn more about
their current and past experiences
and how these experiences
affect their values,
thoughts, and behaviors.
My inclusion criteria
is that
a Chinese-speaking immigrant
needs to have a young adult child
who is 18 to 35 years old
and has a hearing impairment.
If a Chinese-speaking immigrant
comes from a country
where Chinese is spoken,
some of the people
I interviewed
were native speakers.
As an executive researcher,
I can't speak Cantonese
to some of them
because of the limitations
of my research.
However, most of them
can communicate better
in English
through Mandarin Chinese.
I can't exclude
some families
who have complicated medical needs.
If a family member
needs a 24-hour ventilator,
their lifestyle
will be different
from the family experience
of an adult
in a community.
In this research,
we excluded this type of family.
The convenient sample
is the one I found
in my book.
During my research,
we found five cases.
Most of them
immigrated to the U.S.
from 1983 to 1994.
They were
about 20 to 32 years old
when they immigrated.
One of them was a father.
Four of them were mothers.
One of the children
was a girl.
The other four were boys.
Three of them
had different levels of autism.
Some of them were highly-functioning
and could go to a high school.
Some of them
had a special education system.
had a combination of intellectual disabilities.
The other two
had cerebral palsy and intellectual disabilities.
William's syndrome
is also a genetic disease
with some intellectual disabilities.
Only one of the parents
moved to the U.S.
because his child
was already 8 years old
in Taiwan.
He thought
the U.S. could provide
better special education services
for his child.
The other four families
immigrated to the U.S.
for other reasons,
such as work or education.
They had children
after they got married
in Taiwan.
I had three interviews
with the parents
in my data collection.
Each interview
took about two hours
and each interview
took about a week.
I met the parents
in person three times
and the interview took about
a month.
The first interview
was about self-introduction
and their family background
and their views on disabilities
and their goals
for their children.
The second interview
was about taking photos
and asking the parents
to talk more
about their stories
in the photos.
We also asked
about the impact
on their environment
during the interview.
The third interview
was about time
and their past
and present.
We asked the parents
to reflect on
their past
and present
and ask the parents
to reflect on
their past
and present
and ask the parents
to reflect on
their past
and present
and ask the parents
to reflect on
their past
and present
and ask the parents
to reflect on
their past
and present
and ask the parents
to reflect on
their past
and present
These are photos provided by the parents
For example, this parent
mentioned that
her child is a volunteer
in the hospital
where she goes every morning
and every day
Another parent
mentioned that
her child is in his early 20s
when he graduated from high school
This is very important to her
and she wants to talk about it
Another parent mentioned
that she will participate in
community activities
with her child
for the disabled
This is a community activity
where they go out
and do barbecue
It is a community activity
where they go out
and do barbecue
They may discuss
the needs of their adult needs
These two visual cues
are what I will use
in the interview
I will show this visual cue
to the parents
I think this design
is related to the background
of the disability therapist
We are used to
providing various materials
in the communication
or service
so that people with different needs
have a better chance
to understand
what we are going to talk about
We can help them
visualize
I think this is related
to the traditional
one-to-one interview
We may see more
We use different materials
to promote this
In terms of data analysis
After the interview
What did the parent
say in the interview
What did the parent say
in the interview
Why did the parent say
these things
and how did the parent
say these things
I can't talk about
the data analysis in detail
But if you are interested
I have some extra reports
I put them at the end of the report
We can discuss
Finally, I will compare
what the parent said
Let's jump to the
finding part
The first one is
what they want to do
In comparison to the
Meta-Fitness Study
They focus on
their adult life
There are two things
they want to do
The first one is
I want to help my child
develop independent living skills
so that they can live independently
The second one is
I want to help my child
develop independent adult life
Finally, I want to
help my child
live a happy and meaningful life
In this process
We see several themes
The first one is
their life
How do they deal with
the environment
The environment
their life
Disagreements
Perceptions
How do they deal with
the situation
about immigration
How do they feel
about
their country
This is just a demo
It may be more complicated than this
But what I want to say is
There may be his family
There are experts he interacts with
Then there are also his service providers
There may also be this society
for
The attitude of the society
towards the family
The community he lives in
His resources and the whole
Maybe the related policy in the United States
For him, it may all affect
the role of his father-in-law
For example, this parent said
When his child graduated from high school
He gave a speech
Then he said I was very surprised
about his performance
His teacher prepared a speech for him
Because of this experience, I started to feel
In fact, it is possible to help my child
to develop self-innovation
He may not have this idea
He just thought
That's what he wanted to do
But because he saw this experience
He saw the school teacher
The school teacher provided this platform
The school teacher also showed
In fact, if there is appropriate support
In fact, the child can
Speak out what they want to say
So these
Things have affected him
How can he help his child
Just mentioned
In addition to the passive influence
Parents also feel
They have some active influence on their circle of life
For example, there is a parent
Some parents may
It should be said that the first
We see all the parents
They all feel
They play the role of this father-in-law
It's very important to their children
The second is that some parents think
Because this world can't always
Adapt to you
So we should be the one
Learn how to adapt to this world
There are also some
In the story of their parents
You can see their
Understanding of the world is more human
As long as
I have a heart
I can do what I want to do
So for example
This parent
I just got two
In the story
They are very sure
They will say that I am very sure
I 100% believe
It won't help my child
Usually this kind of plot
They only happen
They are describing the interaction between him and his child
But he may not necessarily use such a plot
Describe his interaction with other people
It's just that we talk through the parents
We can see
Parents actually know their children very well
Their relationship with their children
To put it bluntly
This thing
Their children are also their
The most important protagonist in the story
Okay, then
Some parents say
He may have to adapt to this world
For example, this parent said
I think this society is willing to accept
This is what he said to his child
He told me
He said he thought this society was willing to accept you
It's already good
Because this world can't adjust for you forever
So you have to learn how to adapt to this world
This thing may be
Parents have different views on obstacles
Some parents think
Because the problem is our own problem
It's my own deficiency
Caused this situation
So I shouldn't have asked
This society does too much for me
But not every parent thinks so
Some parents may think
Yes, my child has such an obstacle
But I think this society should
Let everyone have the right to survive
Plus we have such a law
So in fact
The school should also be able to do more
So that my child can live
I think this view
Also comes from their experience
This system is between
There are some limitations
They may not be able to overcome
Then I just talked about
This kind of family
For example, I saw parents
One of the parents even moved his whole family
To the United States
But of course this is a more specific example
But like other parents
Moving in different schools is also very common
Or they may also talk about
There are many other families in my school
They are all because
This school has good resources
So they will move here
So they are actively seeking
For their family
The most beneficial conditions
Then choose to start a family business in this place
Sometimes they
Except for themselves
I feel like
I am a role that is accepted
Sometimes they can actually switch to
He also thinks that relying on his own ability
Is able to change this society
Or change the thoughts of other parents
Like this
He said that I often take my son
To participate in community activities
In addition to the general public
There are also quite a few politicians
I hope they can see my son
So they will know more
Disabled people are in need in society
And his preface is that there are votes
So he hopes politicians
Can pay more attention to these issues
Then he also said
He saw more community parents
In fact, there is this need
He also felt that he had the opportunity
To help others through his philosophy
He did not think of his own life
Can achieve this thing
He now feels that this is his life
Very important thing
Good
Then again, for them to immigrate
In fact, most parents
Still talk about
For immigrants
He is more difficult
But although it is more difficult
But
Because they still feel
Most parents still feel
They will choose this place
Or because they recognize
In this environment in the United States
For disability
This thing is more positive
So this thing
Also a big influence
They choose this place
Take this place as their home
For example, this parent
In their country
We have to bow our heads
I often feel that I am an outsider
Then he also talked about
The story of his child's graduation
He said
When my child graduated from high school
I once discussed with other classmates
Can we make a group home together
But those white parents
Don't want to talk to me
They probably just think
I can't speak English
This parent also said
You can't rely on others
But it doesn't mean that these things are negative
But when you solve the problem
In fact, you will learn a lot
Then this thing
I think these quotes
Not only this parent
Also called other parents
I feel like I'm an outsider
This feeling
In fact, there will be a lot of challenges
So for immigrants
Many things he is
It's more difficult
But their parents
When it comes to American society
Also talked about a lot of content
For example, they feel
American society
Their views on disability
May be much more positive than their native country
Like a parent
He just came to the United States
Just found out
These schools
They will also be
At the end of the semester
The child will perform on stage
He thinks he has never thought
His children can also
Even children with special needs
Can also have their own stage
He thinks these things may come from
Americans
Or the whole American society
The awareness of disability may be different
Like this parent
He also said that his children participated
For them
A very important program
He interpreted
The reason they chose this name
They believe
Although everyone's ability
May be different
If they have the right needs
Can still live like ordinary people
Then he felt
This spirit is influenced by American culture
He also felt
About the training of disabled people
There should be no better place
Unless you find a better place in the future
Otherwise, our whole family will live here
This parent
He used the word
He is a Chinese immigrant
He also had the opportunity
Under his setting conditions
If you want to be in China
There is a good development
But he felt
The training of disabled people is better
Like some parents
Although they are
Foreigners or immigrants
But he thinks we are already
In the United States
We also want to participate in this society
Invite other members of the community
Participate in local affairs in the United States
These things
Like what they said here
The so-called influence of American culture
May be with the American disability movement
Maybe from the 60s
Starting in the 50s and 60s
And their so-called
This part of human rights
Will affect their whole country
Policy planning for mental health
Then
Also mentioned by many parents
It is quite common in the United States
There are all kinds of support groups
They rarely see in native countries
So
Through this narrative research
Then we are more open
Let the parents talk to them
A more impressive story
Then we can see more
They are in life
Important things to them
Maybe not just in the past research
Is the person who provides the service
There are also some other things
I think using narrative research
The uniqueness
You can see different things from him
Then we can see that
They can also be in their narrative
In the process of seeing their
Concept
Or what is the behavior
Based on their experience with this new country
Accumulated years of experience
And these interpretations affect their current
Interaction
Then this overall is
We are back to these two studies
Then there are several
What we see is that the parents are actually
Uh
As a parent
Their willfulness is actually through
They met these challenges
There is a chance to show
That may be
Because the past research is more
OK we are
Just keep documenting these barriers
But in fact, if you pay attention to the parents
What are the main things
Then they are actually very willful
Even if they may encounter some challenges
They still have different
For example, coping strategies
Or they may even be able to
Further affect their right to life
What I want to say next is actually
Uh, because I just started
What we are talking about is our professional thinking
Very concerned about the environment
Interaction between occupation
So for example
They both
In the study, we see that
What are the things in this environment
In fact, the impact is quite large
But every parent
They may
According to their current state
Or the environment around them
Their everyone to face the environment
Interactive mode is also quite different
May still have their own
Uniqueness
So like this kind of research
It's just very simple here
Summarize this kind of research
Maybe it can be used
After we know so much
Then the next part may be
We represent that in fact
A lot of parents are immigrating
They actually need a lot
Some environmental resources
Let them know more
What resources are available in this environment
There is also a chance to meet
Other parents
But if we have more in our environment
Similar parent center
It may be quite helpful
Then come again
These service providers
One or two really
Make them feel bad
But for them
Even after many years
It's still very strong
I think this thing
Although in the past research
There is also a constant mention of this matter
But maybe we can do this kind of research
Emphasize the importance of this matter again
We can also review some past documents
How do we create this
The so-called sham free environment
Can do
The next is because the parents
The uniqueness of their experience
And they are actually very capable
They are not just people who need help
They can actively participate in many things
So maybe for them
More effective intervention
It's kind of like a coach
For example, he is a sports player
He himself actually
I know what I'm doing
He has a lot of his
Ability to achieve
But if there is one at this time
We can discuss with him together
Then evaluate and help him
He said which things you can
Think about it again
Maybe their
On this matter
More effective
Can be promoted
As much as they can
What they want to do
Except for these things
I think we do anything
You can't get out of this historical moment
Like the recent
These hate crimes
Based on some prejudices
Although it's not
Today's research
But for a long time
It's these Asians
Being regarded as
The so-called model minority
Or like everyone
There is no need for their own needs
To actively advocate this traditional
It may make a lot of people
Even if you want to understand
They understand this group
If you don't have the opportunity
To let these groups
If the voice is heard
Then you are more likely to
Understand each other
These prejudices may exist for a long time
Including what I just said
Not just these East Asian countries
Maybe other Asian countries
Their needs are harder to hear
So I think
I hope this kind of research
It can be promoted
Different researchers or different
They are different
Cultural background
There are these ways
Can let everyone know
This type of research
I think it's not just in the United States
In Taiwan, there are actually quite a lot of
But relatively little
For example, Taiwan is actually
An immigration society
Just say that our immigration structure
May not be the same as the United States
In fact, from Taiwan
Maybe since the 1990s
In fact, Taiwan and the United States
Their rapid increase
This number is actually rapid growth
In fact, they are now
Our so-called new immigrants
But for these new immigrants
The process of employment in Taiwan
At present, there is no relevant research
So I am actually
After I returned to Taiwan
I also hope
If I want to be in this place
Develop some
For this place
For local community
Do some more exploratory research
Then we can know more about their needs
What is it
So today I still have some limitations
Of course, in the past, our research
He will be limited to
Maybe we see this finding now
It comes from me
I met this sample
May need more in the future
Still need more research
Invest in this area
It's just that there are good and bad
Start from a place
I hope this kind of research can be provided
Some new understanding
Perspective
Ok
In the part of Acknowledgement
Of course, I am very grateful to the parents who participated
And my own past
Instructors and Kouwei
And this is my second research
He actually has two
Advisory Board Members
One is a parent
A local NGO in Boston
NGO staff
He has long been with the local
Communicative community
So he also helped me with some cases
Then provide me a lot of assistance in the process
Then come again
His founding source is from
Boston University
We are here
The college is called Sargent College
They provide a doctoral student
A founding
Thank you very much for your participation today
My report is probably here
If you have any questions
We should be able to
Enter the discussion stage
Thank you for the wonderful report
And speech
At this time we will open
Q&A time
Then see if there are any participants who want to ask questions
You can turn on your microphone at any time
To ask questions
Or you can also write in the chat room
I can also help you ask questions
When everyone is thinking
I just want to ask you
If possible
First
Thank you
First of all
Thank you again for your wonderful speech
I want to ask
Actually when we talk about parenting
You just started
Talking about parenting involvement
In fact, for me
I think parenting involvement
It's actually a bright concept
It's parents
How many things to do to the child
It's actually a number concept
But within this number
There may be different behaviors
I can imagine
In the family of children with special needs
Parents to children
In fact, in addition to
Specific to their
Disability
Some of the problems
A special parenting behavior
In addition to
They may actually have other
General parenting style
Or
Strategy
Or their general parenting atmosphere
I'm also very curious
In your two studies
Especially in your first meta-analysis
Did you see
In these families
These immigrants
They deal with children
The changes in the special parenting behavior
What are the differences from ordinary families
Different changes
Divided into two levels
One is their special plan
The other is their
General parenting behavior
This is the first question
The second question is
In culture
I just said
It's a level problem
The second level is when they move
When they immigrated to the United States
Their culture shock
It may not only reflect
Western culture
They are also in their own past
If they are Asian
Or maybe they are Chinese
Or Taiwanese
They actually brought their own culture
In this way
Under the conflict
Is it possible that their parenting behavior
Or their parenting atmosphere will also change
This is the second question
The third question is
You can answer it again
At the end of the question
Parent Perceived Role
It's more like
Parenting Goal
Or Socialization Goal
How do parents want to
How to raise their children
I'm a little curious about this
Parents always have some expectations
Before they have children
They have some fixed expectations
After they have children
Their expectations will probably change
Especially when they
When they have children
Their expectations
How to change
After the change
As time goes by
There may be some changes
I don't know your
Narrative study
Can answer this question
How do they face this
These three questions
There is also a very important aspect
You just mentioned
Meta-synthesis
It's a big
Global strategy
You mentioned a compound to expectation
I feel that
In this matter
Parents and
Interaction with the environment
May also be a very important
Influence factor
I asked three questions
These are probably the three questions
Thank you
Let's start from the last question
Just mentioned
Is there any change in the expectation
In fact, this matter
In my sharing today
I didn't mention it
But because of the change of time
I want to answer the question
I can give an example
For example, there is a parent
His child is
Autism
In his interview
Keep mentioning
At the beginning
Because
Autism is
You may not find out
Maybe he is three or five years old
Or even he is already in high school
Like a parent
He is already in high school
It seems to be elementary school or high school
His child's anxiety
Becomes very serious
So my child
So-called special child
He has this
Asperger's or autism
He didn't know when he was born
So these two parents
I think
Like a brain paralysis
This is usually when you are born
You may know
Your child has this situation
What will happen to him in the future
Their doctor
May also give them some
The so-called aftermath
This child is probably like this
This kind of
Give them a
Reduce their expectations
I think so
They are different obstacles
Sometimes this kind of slowly
Only realized
This kind of obstacle
Their parents did mention
They were very excited about their children at first
I hope he can go
Usually go to school like a child
Especially if the performance of the school is good
Gradually discovered
My child has this special need
Or he is very anxious
He began to adjust slowly
Reduce his expectations
But later
It's not even adjusted
The point is different
Maybe he started earlier
He also put it in
I hope his academic performance is good
Then he thought that as immigrants
We want to be able to succeed in a new country
Must rely on education
So he felt that my child must
Find a good high school
But then he slowly
Because of these things
He slowly adjusted to say okay
It's okay if you can't go to college today
It's okay if you graduate from high school
It's okay if you really graduated from high school
It's okay if you can't really graduate from high school
Can you at least finish
They have been adjusting
In the end
He talked about my expectations of my children
Those looking for a job
Of course he still hopes that his children
Can live independently
But what he cares about
He is looking forward to his children
Can I let my children have a happy life
Better than his original
For this child
Hope he is a traditional first-time
Or through education
Then find a good job for yourself
This expectation is indeed
In this narrative
They often see it in the process of narrative
Then just
The second question is about
Their culture shock
Please
Sorry
Just because of this question
I am also curious
Maybe their expectation will change
In the process of change
How did they transform
He may have received
External resources
Or maybe his friend
I think many parents
When he is facing this matter
His mental change
I think more or less
There may be some stimuli
Let him help him to do this
Then he may be emotional
Will there be some fluctuations
Sorry to interrupt
I think the fluctuation is quite common
Usually the parents are describing
In the process of these things
Even if they have adjusted
My expectations of my children
They usually describe this
The process is quite painful
He was originally
As the expectation of ordinary parents
Then slowly
He met
I think most of the time they will adjust expectations
Often encounter a lot of setbacks
Then met some of them
No matter how hard they try
Things that can't be changed
Then this time
This emotion and this setback
This happened
Then another one happened
They may also interact with the teacher
Or interact with other families
The setback may be that they have this high expectation
Then slowly reduce
They will be very anxious
They don't know
If my child can't do this
I only know that way
If this way can't succeed
Then my child
There is no other place to go
I can't imagine
What should I do
But usually this time
There will be a slight bounce back
Is that they see other children
Other families he knows
Older children than him
They may often mention that I know that
Their children are a little older than us
Then his ability is about the same
A little better
But what did I see them do
I think they seem to be pretty good
So often this time they
Fall into that valley
I don't know how to go up
The model they see around
Or need the teacher to provide
Suggestions or possibilities
For them
Is that they adjust this expectation
Slowly and more
More comfortable
A key thing in life
Probably like this
Then I go back to the second one now
The second question
Just talked about
How to be a parent with the original Asian culture
Then to a new place
There seems to be some impact
This thing actually started with me
Because when I was reading the file
I did talk about this so-called culture
Conflicts
Then I was expecting
I may see more conflicts in this research
Originally my native culture
Tell me how my parents should be better
It doesn't seem to be the same here
So I seem to have some conflicts
I'm going to find a way
Reorganize myself
But the unexpected thing
This thing seems to be in my
In this sample
Obviously I asked them
So for example
Is there anything you think
You want to do what you think you should do
But after coming here, I found out that everyone seems not like this
I am just this sample
I didn't see too many
This example is more
They feel here
In the parents' expectations
On the contrary, it is more open
He may think
Of course there is a piece
Advocacy part
I didn't have this expectation in the past
Now come here and find this expectation
But this expectation
In my sample
It doesn't seem to make them feel very painful
But also in that part
Can show you a quote
He is
Other research mentioned
But he is 2009
So I don't know if this thing is related to time
Then this parent he talked about
He learned to have advocacy
But he also said that he felt this thing was very painful
For example, he is very worried
Does it look disrespectful or pushy
But actually I know
I need to do this
Then he also recognized that he knew some American mothers
They can say a lot of things very quickly
Whether it's right or wrong
In short, you just say it
If you disagree, you have to speak up
For him, this mother
He is a mother from Japan
He thinks this thing is too magical
I didn't think I would do this
Then it's not the same as the education I received
The background is not the same
Then we have to do this thing now
It's difficult for me
Even though I've been here for so many years
So like this
I thought I was in my interview
Will see a similar conflict
But in my five samples
It seems to be okay
But I think this will be because of my sample
To be honest
He is actually a
Their corresponding knowledge level
Are relatively high
They are relatively
There are quite a lot of resources
For example
If you see this
Their family income and education level
Except for this second case
They seem to be slightly
It's not that high
In fact, other families
They have to have the desire
Come to this two-hour interview
Three interviews in a row
Their family resources
Knowledge level is higher
So actually I think
Maybe it's because of this
I didn't see so many conflicts
But in this parent
On this second parent
He described a lot
For example, he thinks he doesn't want his children
He hopes his children to study hard
Don't keep going to parties
He has different
Except for his own disabled child
This child has a brother
That brother is an ordinary child
He is in the process of telling the story
He thinks he doesn't want his children
He said his brother
That brother may have to take a big test
I went to the party the day before
He felt bad
He had a little dispute with his son
As a result, when he went to school
The school teacher told him
I just like your son
I think it's good
You should not only read
You should also play
Americans play this set
You should let them look like this
Some conflicts
It did happen to this mother
But I don't know why
On the other 1345
They will talk about the difference
For example, there is a parent
He came to America
Found that American schools emphasize
Independent living ability
It's not the same as he imagined
They may emphasize
You have to let your children use the dishwasher
You may have to teach your children
Make sandwiches
He may be different
But he didn't think
This is a very difficult conflict for him
He felt
It turned out to be like this
Can I learn
I think it's pretty good
He has the ability
To face new expectations
When he thinks it's good
For him
The cultural difference
Did not cause him too much pressure
I think I will learn
This part is true
With me in the file
Or before I entered this research
Assumption is a bit different
I think it has something to do with the sample
Then the first question
Is about
Educational behavior
I think this thing is quite interesting
He actually has a lot of files
The so-called educational behavior
It may be more focused on him
Interaction between parents and children
But in this research
The focus we wanted to do
Not educational behavior
What we want to do is
Educational resources in the environment
Or interaction with medical resources
So this part
In my interview
There is no great bias
To talk about educational behavior
But I didn't ask the parents
How do you teach your children
But because we are talking
Transition to adulthood
How to help
What are they interacting with their children
I can think of now
Several impressive examples
For example
They learned some
They may see Americans
More praise children
So they think this set of their children
Also quite effective
So there may be two or three parents
I mentioned that I was teaching him
I will always encourage him
Then I will know what he is interested in
What is stuck
I will also say quickly
Or do we want to rest first
Or I will come back later
Re-discuss this matter
So I think they are in this process
I mentioned some education
But this is not my original
The focus of the problem
So it's more about the parents
I didn't ask comprehensively
Then I didn't analyze it
For this one
But their education
I think it's special
The way they see it in the United States
And mainly their children
This particularity
May make them
Compared to ordinary parents
They have more opportunities to see
Other teachers
Or other parents
How do they teach
Children with neurodegenerative disorders
They may be more inclined to learn
This type of education
But I didn't ask
When you teach this child
With another child
Do you have any
Big difference
I don't know if I answered
The three questions you wanted to ask
Thank you
Thank you very much
I think I learned a lot
My question is like this
I just saw
Pei Chen
There is a question
Do you want to see the microphone yourself
Okay
Hello
Thank you
It seems like
The sound is a bit cut off
Is it a signal
Gao Shen, can you hear it clearly? Or is it just me?
I don't seem to hear it
Can you hear it like this?
Yes, I can
Much better
Sorry
Thank you for your presentation
I learned a lot
Then I am
Zhen Pei Chen
I just graduated
I have a curious question
Is
You observed these parents in the United States
I am quite curious
These parents
Will they all focus on the same
Parental Support Group
Or
Are they scattered in different
Parental Support Group
Because your analysis also mentioned
They think they can change
Some of the community level
They can have some influence
Or creativity
Want to change some community level things
Then I am quite curious
Are they a group of people to change together
Or more
One person has to face
The whole community
People like this
I just want to know
Your observation
Because I found these parents
They don't know each other
Then they all live in the Greater Boston area
But they didn't participate in
What Support Group
Although they all mentioned
The existence of this Support Group
But also for Asian
Or for families who speak Chinese
As far as I know
There are not many in Boston
It may be one or two years
These parents
Sometimes they go to school
He may participate
He may go to this school
This school originally their parents
There are some organizations like parent meetings
Then they have this opportunity to participate
Group with other parents
But not necessarily a Support Group
Maybe just everyone discuss together
This so-called IEP
Or the school
Children's rights
He will observe through these ways
Other non-Asian immigrants
Parents
How do they interact with this community
One of the parents
He mentioned that he also wanted to do this
Support Group
He found this very interesting
Then he just had a person
He felt that OK
In fact, this is great
Then we Asians seem to be relatively small
Then I will do it myself
He felt good
Then I have to rely on myself
The quote he used
He said he wanted to influence his community
That's a dad
Just his own job
He is in an NGO
But his object is the elderly
Then he lives in that area
More
Is a Chinese immigrant
Then their position
Relatively
Not so rich
Resource area
His original job
This Asian community is very close
Then he just felt
This Asian community was originally doing service
But he felt that he could just
Through his connection with this community
Let everyone in his community know
He has a disabled child
Then he also encouraged others because of this
There are parents in this community who are also disabled
Willing to take the child out
Strictly speaking
I don't think they have yet
How many people do we need to gather together
Do this thing together
I have the ability and resources now
I still have time to invest
Then I am around me
To influence the people I know around me
At this level
As far as I know
I just met another one recently
He is a social worker
Then he is in Boston
They are really providing
To parents who speak Chinese
They have support groups
Then there are parents who speak Portuguese and Spanish
But I still don't know about them
Because of the situation
I met the epidemic
Because of the epidemic
No face-to-face contact
If they are this kind of organization
They are more organized
Provide this kind of service
They are not parents
They are more
He is a NGO doing similar things
Thank you
No
Then we ask the audience on site
Any other questions
If everyone has no other questions
Or maybe later
We can discuss again
Or maybe in private
Contact the epidemic
If you feel
If it's convenient
We can do a final sum up
Do you have anything
I want to share
Take home message
I think the main first thing
I think
Why do you want to do this research
I think this group of people
Their voice is less heard
May be limited to
Language
The past research is still more mainstream
Even in white families
People with high social status
Experience
I hope through this kind of research
Can let everyone see this kind of research
Less presented
So this is what I do
This kind of research
The motivation
It should be more and more
Not just in certain groups
I hope it's in all kinds of
People with cultural backgrounds
Should have this kind of research
To understand their experience
The second thing I want to talk about
Maybe as
Professionals or clinical staff
Sometimes our perspective
Will be more limited
The interaction between me and this person
But I hope through this kind of research
What I want to bring to everyone
When you face this person
Or his past
The present and future
Actually affect
Why is he here now
With what he is doing now
But we usually may
No more than this
Or did not have the opportunity to understand his past
You may be right
What he is doing now
Can't understand
If he is different from what you think
There may be some conflicts
But I hope through this kind of research
For everyone to see
We face this individual
Then
Next
I think I mainly want to tell you
These two things
I also hope in the future
Can do some in Taiwan
Apply this type of research
But I don't think this
This kind of research discovery
It can be directly in another country
After all, the conditions of each country
Or historical background
Are very different
I think this kind of thing
If you want to be in different places
To do it
It actually takes some time
Do the local community
You may have a deeper understanding
You know how to target
You want to provide services
Provide the most effective thing for them
So probably
If today's take-home
I hope these three points
Thank you Yiting
Thank you for your wonderful speech today
And the take-home message just now
I think for many of our audience
It should be very helpful
Okay, our speech today
Officially ends here
So I will stop recording now